Propose changes to OSS expectations (#5584)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/community/resources/oss-expectations.md

### Best practices for issues

> - Issues are **not** for support / troubleshooting / debugging help. Please see [dbt support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support) for more details and suggestions on how to get help.

Reviewer: Would this relative link work? Or does it need to be an absolute link?

```suggestion
- Issues are **not** for support / troubleshooting / debugging help. Please see [dbt support](/docs/dbt-support) for more details and suggestions on how to get help.
```

### You’ve opened a new issue. What can you expect to happen?

In our most critical repositories (such as `dbt-core`), **our goal is to respond to new issues within 2 standard work days.** While this initial response might be quite lengthy (context, feedback, and pointers that we can offer as maintainers), more often it will be a short acknowledgement that the maintainers are aware of it and don't believe it's in urgent need of resolution. Depending on the nature of your issue, it might be well suited to an external contribution, from you or another community member.

**What does “triage” mean?** In some repositories, we use a `triage` label to keep track of issues that need an initial response from a maintainer.

> **What if I’m opening an issue in a different repository?** We have engineering teams dedicated to active maintainence of `dbt-core` and its component libraries (`dbt-common` + `dbt-adapters`), as well as several platform-specific adapters (`dbt-snowflake`, `dbt-bigquery`, `dbt-redshift`, `dbt-postgres`). We’ve open sourced a number of other software projects over the years, and the majority of them do not have the same activity or maintenance guarantees. Check to see if other recent issues have responses, or when the last commit was added to the `main` branch.

Reviewer: It might be helpful to be dense with hyperlinks here.

Adding links could look like this:

```suggestion
**What if I’m opening an issue in a different repository?** We have engineering teams dedicated to active maintainence of [`dbt-core`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core) and its component libraries ([`dbt-common`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-common) + [`dbt-adapters`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters)), as well as several platform-specific adapters ([`dbt-snowflake`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-snowflake), [`dbt-bigquery`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery), [`dbt-redshift`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift), [`dbt-postgres`](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-postgres)). We’ve open sourced a number of other software projects over the years, and the majority of them do not have the same activity or maintenance guarantees. Check to see if other recent issues have responses, or when the last commit was added to the `main` branch.
```

> **If my issue is lingering...** Sorry for the delay! If your issue is in an actively maintained repo and has a `triage` label attached, we’re aware of it as something that needs a response.

Reviewer 2: Hiya @jtcohen6 just tweaked this a little so it flows better.
```suggestion
**If my issue is lingering...** Sorry for the delay! If your issue is in an actively maintained repo and has a `triage` label attached, we’re aware it's something that needs a response.
```

**Every PR should be associated with an issue.** Why? Before you spend a lot of time working on a contribution, we want to make sure that your proposal will be accepted. You should open an issue first, describing your desired outcome and outlining your planned change. If you've found an older issue that's already open, comment on it with an outline for your planned implementation. Exception to this rule: If you're just opening a PR for a cosmetic fix, such as a typo in documentation, an issue isn't needed.

**PRs must include robust testing.** Comprehensive testing within pull requests is crucial for the stability of our project. By prioritizing robust testing, we ensure the reliability of our codebase, minimize unforeseen issues, and safeguard against potential regressions. We cannot merge changes that risk the backward incompatibility of existing documented behaviors. We understand that creating thorough tests often requires significant effort, and your dedication to this process greatly contributes to the project's overall reliability. Thank you for your commitment to maintaining the integrity of our codebase and the experience of everyone using dbt!

> **PRs go through two review steps.** First, we aim to respond with feedback on whether we think the implementation is appropriate from a product & usability standpoint. At this point, we will close PRs that we believe fall outside the scope of dbt Core, or which might lead to an inconsistent user experience. This is an important part of our role as maintainers; we're always open to hearing disagreement. If a PR passes this first review, we will queue it up for code review, at which point we aim to test it ourselves and provide thorough feedback within the next month.

Reviewer 2: Hiya @jtcohen6 this looks great. This is a non-blocker suggestion but it might be a good idea to share a PR example to guide the user - to give the user an idea of the review process and steps and what "good" looks like. I hope that's ok. Let me know what you think.

Author: @nataliefiann That's a good thought!

Some recent examples that I'll add:
- https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/pull/9347
- https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/pull/9863

My only hesitation is that these examples shouldn't be taken as templates of exactly what to do, because over time they'll get "stale" — as we change our review processes, our expectations for testing, etc.
